Consolidate event history docs and modernize Continue as New encyclopedia (#3573)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/workflow/workflow-execution/event.mdx

**Is there a limit to how long Workflows can run?**

No, there is no time constraint on how long a Workflow Execution can run.

> However, Workflow Executions intended to run indefinitely should be written with some care as they can run into [Event History limits](#event-history-limits).

Reviewer: Could make this a bit more concrete:

```suggestion
However, if your Workflow will perform many actions, or will receive many messages, then you should use Continue-As-New to avoid hitting [Event History limits](#event-history-limits) and performance degredation.
```

**Is there a limit to how long Workflows can run?**

No, there is no time constraint on how long a Workflow Execution can run.

However, if your Workflow will perform many actions, or will receive many messages, it can run into [Event History limits](#event-history-limits).

It can also hit [Workflow Versioning](/workflow-definition#workflow-versioning) and other backwards incompatibility problems.

> For these reasons, it can be a good idea to [Continue-As-New](/workflow-execution/continue-as-new) periodically.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above; if we could elaborate on "periodically," that might help user confidence.
